RHDEVDOCS-3785: Configuring Pipelines Operator using the TektonConfig… (#60075)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-disabling-the-integretion-of-tekton-hub.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// *openshift_pipelines/customizing-configurations-in-the-tektonconfig-cr.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="op-disabling-the-integretion-of-tekton-hub_{context}"]

> = Disabling the integration of {tekton-hub}
> 
> You can disable the integration of {tekton-hub} with the *Developer* perspective by setting the `enable-devconsole-integration` parameter to `false` in the `TektonConfig` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Disabling {tekton-hub}

You can disable {tekton-hub} in the web console *Developer* perspective by setting the `enable-devconsole-integration` parameter to `false` in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR).
```

suggestions for minimalism

> .Example: Disabling the integration of {tekton-hub}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of disabling {tekton-hub}
```
suggestion

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// *openshift_pipelines/customizing-configurations-in-the-tektonconfig-cr.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="op-disabling-the-integretion-of-tekton-hub_{context}"]
= Disabling the integration of Tekton Hub

> [role="_abstract"]

Reviewer 2: @VeereshAradhya could you please review this part? I have no idea how it works :)

Reviewer 3: Sure.

Reviewer 3: This part looks good
